Add `imagemap` tag to `BBCode` (#9164)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/BBCode/en.md

Toolbar button: ![Image button](img/image.png "Image")

### Imagemap

```
[imagemap]
IMAGE_URL
X Y WIDTH HEIGHT REDIRECT TITLE
[/imagemap]
```

The `[imagemap]` tag is used to integrate one or more hyperlinks into an image in rectangular areas.

> The image, which is embedded on the website, is represented by the `IMAGE_URL` argument. It needs to directly refer to an image address on a website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image, which is embedded on the website, is represented by the `IMAGE_URL` argument. It needs to directly refer to an image hosted on a website.
```

> To add a clickable area, a new line containing the x and y position of the area, the width and the height of the area as well as a link to redirect to needs to be inserted after the `IMAGE_URL` argument. Additionally, an optional `TITLE` argument will be shown on hovering the area if it is specified. Setting the `REDIRECT` argument to `#` will just display the defined title. Every size unit (`X`, `Y`, `WIDTH`, and `HEIGHT`) is in percent without the percent sign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a clickable area, a new line containing the x and y position of the area, the width and the height of the area as well as a link to redirect to needs to be inserted after the `IMAGE_URL` argument. Additionally, an optional `TITLE` argument will be shown on hovering the area if it is specified. A link may be specified with the `REDIRECT` argument, or omitted with a `#`. Every size unit (`X`, `Y`, `WIDTH`, and `HEIGHT`) is a percentage (0–100) without a percent sign.
```
